Oh
[Music]
and as one hey yeah I'm doing I'm gonna
recently commissioned Emily well she's
in my room yes my room haha
don't look don't believe it going to
live country singer wonder you room yes
I heard NZ who I gotta realize I just
want him we got all of this no wrong oh
hey got something for her birthday which
is Wednesday she's going to be 21 cuz
she picked this out so I wanna guys know
I was in the country they want lunch
with you we don't drink right none of us
drink I'm choosing steel for juice so I
can put something I wonder if I
understand everything skinny yeah you
know if you don't put any little
sparkling drinks himself but it's real
pretty and it says hello hargeon and
it's 18 l
and I like it because I got that pink
him to look real pretty for $4.99 so I
was very happy about that
cuz I gone there for Whoopi this Cup was
399 and it has to serenity prayer God
great great god grant me the serenity to
accept the things I cannot change the
courage to change the things that I can
and the wisdom to know the difference so
it goes all the way around and cook and
then of course the mount part of the cup
and inside and a hamburgers blast the
rest of it is right and in the assi Ghat
the different colors between the
burgundy and green and teal I just
thought it was really pretty right and
I'm not a huge coffee drinker but I
think tea and then hot chocolate and I'm
counting on you and telling you then I
got this Mitch Michael us a USB cable I
was telling you guys I needed to get
another one for my smallest tablet so I
won't have to always be using the ugly
white each other's per minute I was
trying to route to get my foot oh but
it's not al just because she said it
doesn't fit but it's not going to use it
as a charger and this was $4.99 and that
one more these things run between oil
for ten dollars and we have chocolate
I'm happy about
yes onbaa yeah well she'll just give you
your old one
here to me I see okay we match my wall
I'll share yourself family I'm going
right into there to you - not me he
didn't say hello I'm three dollars for a
cake
I gave him 20 inches per dollar what are
you really sure
already first time for everything you
said I was going to see I'm inside you
won't say it
hey I got a mistress idiot and I guess
so my guys peace okay I'll leave you
come on Sheamus 106 talking Constance's
parentheses I'll do that you handle your
business me I didn't you kind of God
sometimes I the works s to lean against
my bra you can't hide in it watch let me
show my whole hands covered by that
nothing on YouTube and I want to learn I
am relative in my mom - don't try to get
a relative in my wrong home - don't try
it
mom these are pushup not too big Oh dad
what am i place I'm not going as
business this is what I need to feel out
of my room I'm gonna trip on that very -
favorite one Hank you in height Randolph
I'm in high school from low hiring okay
you guys are gonna eat that is it time
to be wanting to go or in attack me okay
I'm highly mature guys see you midget
why not break it up let's say something
don't hit your feet don't tell the
pirate
I'm soaked it's like a pirate
now go hard and are wearing with it for
the parts over here there come
I need this hide it in our room in
our room
oh my god they're coming in here hurry
where to our room keep and here hey
anyone in here I said hey you don't come
in here
usual crazy sorcerer yeah so much just
good over there all right
are they here still herbal yes you have
to bring to our return up let me hear it
after me because I chose as their
treasure hurry
who knows
[Music]
yeah you guys always knew I wasn't
started cuz you came back no irony show
us our dimension okay going about a role
within it yeah I jump
alright yeah alright I'm leaving she
white know me to come in here I don't
know why I mean come on necessarily
dresses do have some okay time
welcome back to my channel okay I don't
really have like kind of what we're
gonna glow okay you okay I don't know
how long I'm gonna be in the world hi
guys okay
I bought some pants and some stuff wrong
because I needed to pant and so it was
like around without mom stuff it was
around like 90-something dollars yeah
okay this is like a collective haul haha
it's the collective all from room
janessa from rainbow
Oh from like a week ago that I did with
my money and that was like 30 bucks the
stuff you got today
mom JSTOR that's my cost okay anyway so
these aren't really a part of the whole
but these are the pants away gave me
they're a stresses and she couldn't fit
though so they came to or you want to a
child after this I'm gonna take off my
pants and show them all my goodies
anyway so yeah these are some pants hey
I'm gonna start with rainbow shower
machines oh and it's just a shirt and
has a little choker I'm really not going
to wear this to school because not about
that life of dressing up they wear it
too like picture day
not where it's dirty cuz they don't
think I'm a little it was seven $7.99 so
soon freaky Oh freak you I wish it what
it came in a body suit though cuz I like
body suit then I'll give you a bottle
yeah oh I'm not wearing that
remember that anywhere but in my room to
dance around in will give the best to me
being alert nervous okay um that was a
large no connection well that was a
charge okay then I got this shirt I
really like the shirt ever worried yet
and good to know mom thank you I don't
okay I haven't worn it yet because I
mean it's a right pant for them because
it's just shirt is like that good but it
has the it's like so little it's not a
choker but it's like a little peel but
it's bended keyholes but I wear a shirt
underneath it cuz I'm back alive to show
my boobies and it's extra large and it
was $7 good folks opponents on me I'm
not much
- I like shirt okay
this shirt is a who okay explain it to
do okay this is sure is a 3x but it
don't look like a 3x looks like a large
but I got into 3x and it's a little bit
bigger on me it's a little bit big but
I'll wear this today with some tights
because I didn't have any pants I wear
this today to church so regular shirt
probably not going to wear this on now
in school because I don't I don't wear
makeup okay I got these bands they are a
7 a.m. and they're just some olive
colored paint colors for Mia and they
have little pockets on the side Carmel
they have little pockets on the side on
both sides the regular back their skin
titled me so I'm gonna wait to wear
these for like the winter time because
they're really hot this is the quality
of jeans and real nervous okay I got
these shelve ideas soccer joggers I'm
going to get another pair migrant well
I'm not going to say with my bare about
comics oh she's already here so my
grandma comes next time when we go
shopping
thank you I would give me another pair
but they didn't jump up on the bottom
and they are when they're a medium
they're really comfortable
dad pocket everything okay that is it
from Rainbow is it because Einstein
called for school yeah the diva says
didn't come from wave oh that was just
like a free fall no oh I got some white
dance but they didn't fit right and I
feel that I got something else to the
IRS erectus
so this stuff is some Ross just don't
know I'm going to connect okay I got
these high-waisted I noticed it yes I
got these high-waisted jeans from Ross
all our stuff next is from raw though
the wax but jeans and there are seven
policy speed services there are seven my
butt look amazing in these but you'll
see those in the channel at all like in
the childhood after this I can shoot I
can't get away if you can but you don't
really they're really stretchy and then
like the I can't explain the pants like
the biggest leg they're not skinny
skinny but they're skinny like they're
not like skin-tight yeah
and they have there's the three button
tie Lisa's and I have it I've never
owned high waisted no I own high waisted
pants but they were high-waisted bootcut
Jean so they didn't really count those
muscley say the price don't know I - up
I did a record was well all of those but
these were $15 attitude okay these
really just devastated about these are
seven as well and they're just black and
there's a monkey ride premium Jean and
they cost $11 so I got another pair they
fit like great like no complaints but
one thing they're like regular their
regular duties like the regular way ship
do you know how it is I'm okay with that
but I just I don't know I kind of wanted
high-waisted black jeans but the ones
that I had they were a size 9 and they
did not fit it was like it was perfect
up top and then when I got to the
it just got really really big and like
so those are those I'm going to try a
toe ball I'm going to try and get like
dark colored jeans like dark wash jeans
so I can wear them multiple times in a
row and no one will notice
yep whatever you do for them and I have
two shirt it's a jean like drab cardigan
or I can wear it as a axilla t-shirt one
slice is going to end up wearing at the
actual seizure there was another one's
the one that model risk we picked out it
was a drift one it was like a dark bring
a dark truth lipid droplets yeah with
the doctor dream but that one was a
large and if I wanted to wear as a
cardigan I had to get a bigger size and
I couldn't find it but it's a 1x and I
didn't even check to see if it's like a
little ugly okay and this was $13.99
I can make my own game that you get okay
I got this shirt since the 2x oh but I
wanted to be a 2x oh because I feel like
where it was height it was $10 and it's
just this regular t-shirt my friend
Shaughnessy has this t-shirt but she has
it in a tank top I don't really like a
child swear into school because my
classes are freezing like scribe regular
and on the back it says doing what you
want quite do it
do what you love love what you do going
down to match welcomes it and it's like
the roundest as a rounded bottom and
enter where it was height
I like wearing tights for school okay we
saw this shirt what we were coming
inside but yeah we saw the shirt will
remember inside and I wasn't going to
get it but I have to put back a lot of
jeans and like suggest our little it I
put it back because it just didn't fit
right but is Mickey shirt and it is a
sequence of tunic yeah this is 2x and it
was 49 it was $40 it has the hood
full-length yeah fully free you know the
quad include yeah and the heat on it you
can tell this my 1 in decimal shrink
alone
yes what did you get didn't you get that
shirt
laughter out somewhere didn't get it
I've got a got it did I really wants
weird I just wanted you to have it well
can always go by down home
okay okay I'm gonna show you okay okay I
got to brawl good ready to brawl
sometimes I don't
okay Jesse brought up I was shot so I
don't like being a girl this was
originally $40 and we paid we paid $40
for it it was originally I doubt she'll
get Lance brought it did take stock hope
see yes I am Brian because if you got
bogeys and you need to go quality ones
more playful
yes okay this is uh okay I'm not there
as ugly this because I thought it was so
cute this is just a regular it is cute
for a regular bra right I hardly even
wear this because all my shirts are like
thin and it's not like that is a
seamless seamless padding or whatever
color this is not so you can see it
and then I can't wear underneath white
because it has all of these colors on it
that came from Lane Bryant when I bought
president I'm only gonna corner yakking
but when I'm going to her that I had to
give me some I totally get her too but
she just got what you forgot that one I
got one
because it was so aggressive and I ended
up I'm somewhere about value another raw
deal on it on that southern one I got a
video but I really I really like it i
haven't tried it on yet mom got to push
up one this is push up by the way it's
okay I don't need a push up I need a
push down is what you don't know because
you always wear a sports bar it's not if
you get a push-up bra and you put on the
sports bar under it it's not a
separation movies they keep them from
other your own that's running on a
reason to get them if you do I wear a
sports bra yeah it gives my boobs okay
mom I'm sorry right my boobs aren't big
like you were it's like I'm not saying
no I'm not saying there is no sale we
shall talk that from your nose I
mentioned you don't have imagine you
have big news and I go I'm saying I can
get a label for that my birthstone
I love to explore are my knees so real
mine I'll get up some for my hair and
visa like mine oh my oh my and my bride
or if I do jumping jacks
I'm a girl so they think go with the
flow
oh and I'm walking oh my mind you have
kids yeah - and my niece and I invited
yes I do y'all was birthday I will not
touch you okay okay
laughing just drilled you okay to the
stuff that actually matters
I've been searching for these for like
years nine years it's been about just
noise yeah so but for like a year and a
half and every time I go and look and I
see them they're like thirty seven
dollars forty some dollars I'm like for
what they're the overall even like
either looking like this basically copy
and also look cute little converse don't
look cute with audio shoes
my wife my wife Eli
okay I mean look at what you're going in
very strong and when I get my um asking
forgiveness and study your super sir
anyway so yeah so they're just overall
and they have like a huge hole and then
they have a I'm going to have a duct
tape as well as I work school here but
it's all Gucci
I just love on the dad I don't have
Gibson but yeah they have a hole in the
knee oh my goodness oh I'm sorry my
wallet it's oh no chances they have a
lemonade and then they sewed up asked
about them like you can unfold them but
they just all a boat up and they have
the teaching it so it's like rose gold
like it's not regular silver it's real
gold and it goes all the way down to the
button and they have like pink
give me out that pink arrayed on it yes
and it was hot on the back yeah and
they're they're high-waisted which is
really weird for over which is really
weird row girls but they're high-waisted
overalls and then the top and the top is
like really loose might put it on and I
tried it on with this shirt so like if I
decide to wear a crop top or something
it'll be fine
yeah and then these were a nine-digit
nice last 29 it's like a the pants are a
size 9 and uh yeah in the length of the
China I can do like that also because I
think it comes off it should cup yeah
this thing comes off so I'm going to
like the off the shoulder look with them
probably not to see I used a little
world but I was wearing overalls I like
that the next year I'm going to get is
the overalls but they have the short
they have the short one and I want I
want to here for summer and I want a
pair for fall I'm not
Atticus I want to get the infection I
think I was from Malaysia I should get
to know we should be like 20 but I think
from it every Stewart but if I lie when
I hit one half fall so I think I'm gonna
give me a black hair and a change there
then I'm gonna have money to buy because
as we saw this on go from 12 ago jingle
back to you would have been getting
those that now okay that completes this
portion up my whole is that it would you
put on an Asian and other school that
they always become about that online and
you should shut it down but instantly
this portion of my hall I'm going to do
a trial and to she might have a problem
of is bankable she comes from how to
thank him because of our mothers meant
to be a money if you know I mean it can
you like if you were looking my closet
all of this portion of my closet is
devoted to like shirts and cover no it's
mostly mostly all that is cover up and
then I have like syndromes I have like
teacher to wear breakfast and then I
have t-shirts cut to school gives us I
love going to school for free t-shirt
anyway but then yeah that's that and
then I have on this side it's like two
pairs of pants and then I have a pair of
boyfriend jeans which I'm going to get
to around a because I have to wear them
with about and that disease to purpose
of wearing voice receding they have that
is all come here mom hello Missy cuz I
was so comfortable on his bed okay
that's all you guys didn't say you're
gonna turn on important yeah but it's
gonna be like how have Kim tassel know
always I do this for example okay really
yeah
the alley
[Music]
I'm probably just gonna add duck hi
downside and it's pretty loud the cut
ends right there but it has the little
faux detail on time really like you
that's a little choker detail in it
don't really like how it's like not as
tight as I want it but I can always
adjust it later
[Music]
No
and I always wear it open researching it
actually since shirt is the pink one
it's really it's really like flowy and
died me I'm probably gonna end up
learning it with height I just have one
with those what you got showed you and
then it has the words going down on the
lid of my back and it's one of those two
if I want it to get tight and hard to
make a shorter to wear with jeans like
this and also I don't know why but
sometimes but I like doing my shirts
kinda like off off of this one shoulder
like off in the middle its kind of home
but I mean it I'm okay with it because
it can be like something I'm just going
around blond similar or like don't want
to go to school because I'm running late
go out with types it has and I actually
I actually do wear the hood when my
shirts have hoods I usually like wear
them like training our life it's
sprinkling or something like that
in a word and it's a long place so it
builds it feels like really really good
material it's not too damn it's not too
thick you guys I'm like passed and love
at this point they fit perfectly and I
did time you know one with just straight
shirt
and they're they're high-waisted so they
come up throughout here the pantsuit and
just enough Alec I love how where the
hole is neat see you cleaning you can
like adjust the straps I kind of had
that justice job because this was like
way too baggy but I can always do the
one off anyway but yeah they like the
pants I was kind of worried that the
pants would fit my too big because they
were our 9 but they fit amazing with the
overalls you can clip it to the back and
I love how it's not just a regular gold
button it's like the actual rose gold
and I'm gonna try I'm going to try the
one with a different sure
okay well guys just complete my haul I
hope you enjoy
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]